Start from the beginning.
Nothing could have prepared us
for what lay waiting.
Flint's powers must have come
from the same place.
I'm Mr. Byrne. Mayor Morris forgot
who runs this town.
- Four veterans from the POW camp.
- All seen
Dr. Alethea Faber.
Well. what the hell are we waiting for?
There's a reporter asking
to speak with you.
This is my secretary Ogden.
You really had no idea
your patients have superpowers?
Are you calling her
a liar?
I am sorry. I cannot help you.
Faber's been looking
for a cure. but she's just gonna kill him.
Let me tell Cat before you print it.
I'll give you a day.
Flint's gonna die?
What's left for us? What if we went
someplace where nobody knows us?
I'm willing to take a chance and find out.
If that reporter publishes.
they're coming for us.
Dr. Faber.
are you really able to help them?
You know who The Spider is. don't you?
Ben Reilly.
What the hell?
Mr. Reilly.
I-I'm not here to cause any trouble.
I-I'd just like
a minute of your time. please.
That's...
That's not really necessary.
I haven't had a gun in my hand
since the war.
Civil War?
You don't remember me.
From yesterday.
No. Back in France.
You saved my life.
What are you talking about?
Easy. old man.
They called me "Freckles"
because I looked so young.
They thought I was 15
and lied to get in the war.
I suppose I was one
of the f-fortunate ones.
I'm still breathing. but my mutation
is aging me at a dog's clip
and getting worse as it goes.
Dr. Faber is my last chance to survive.
She's a good woman.
Trying to do a good thing.
Want a drink?
How old are you really?
I'll be 36 in April.
If I live to see it.
I'm not the only one who's suffering.
- Th-That's why I came here.
- If you're looking
for the files. I don't have 'em.
The files don't matter.
I mean. not really.
They're just a laundry list of failures.
D-Dead ends and dashed hopes.
It's your reporter friend.
If he prints that story.
that's the end of Faber's work.
That's the end of me.
I'm sorry.
But it's too late.
Robbie wouldn't stop
even if I asked him to.
And you-you won't even try?
No.
Why?
I mean. don't-don't you want to see
your comrades cured?
Would you want to be cured?
What is that supposed to mean?
Means I know who
and what you really are.
I followed you into that ward
that day when you and your unit saved us.
That day when that thing...
bit you.
If you hadn't changed your name.
I would have come knocking
at your door years ago.
Dementia hit early?
Don't do that.
I can excuse a lot.
but I deserve better than that.
You're delivering me a death sentence.
At least have the decency to be honest.
Truth is this is a part of me
I wish never existed.
And as of tomorrow.
it no longer does.
I'm leaving town. Starting over.
As Ben Reilly.
I'm sorry. Freckles. I...
I wish I could offer you the same chance.
That's it?
I-I-I can't change your mind?
Been a long time coming.
I-I wish it didn't have to be this way.
What did you...
There we are.
Stay calm. Mr. Reilly.
Deep breaths.
Took quite a lot of secobarbital
to keep you sedated.
I'm sure you must feel pretty rotten.
Wh-Where am I?
My private laboratory.
Wh-What is this? Why am I.
Everything's okay. Mr. Reilly.
I just need to run some preliminary tests.
Investigations into your blood makeup.
your proteins. your genetic material.
Uncuff me.
Trust me. this will all be a lot easier
if you calm down and let me do my work.
Work?
Mr. Reilly. you broke into my office
and stole my most important files.
Did you read the files?
- Yes.
- Then you know who I am
and what I'm doing.
And I know who you are. too. Mr. Spider.
So let's not play games.
I have a lot of work to do
and not a lot of time to do it.
Are we clear?
Let me go and I won't kill you.
No. Threats like that are why we need
to keep you restrained.
It's not a threat. it's a promise.
You're very convincing.
But we know what type of man
you really are.
You ran into danger
to liberate a camp of tortured soldiers.
You saved Ogden's life.
- Yes.
- And then you came home
and chose to save a lot more.
You're not a murderer. You're a hero.
You'll never break those.
We have enough drugs in you
to weaken King Kong.
Now I'm simply going to draw some blood.
A child can sit through this.
Ogden. prep the blood draw
and retrieval kits.
This won't do you any good.
I've been here before.
Jones! Jones!
At ease. Soldier.
Sit. Sit.
You okay?
In a fair amount of pain. I hear.
- Nothing...
- I can't... handle. sir.
Glad to hear it.
The most important thing
is to get you comfortable.
The good news is you've got the finest
medical team in the whole world
all 100% focused on you.
You can't beat that. can you?
No. sir.
Get him a pop.
Chocolate bar. Anything he needs. okay?
- Yes. sir.
- What...
What is happening... to me... sir?
I think we're all wondering that.
But we'll get to the bottom of it.
don't you worry.
They cut me open.
pulled me apart.
put me back together.
They didn't learn a thing.
I know every detail
of the Army's examination.
I have studied their findings exhaustively.
But that was a long time ago.
The science has advanced
by leaps and bounds.
You're one of 'em.
Don't you dare
confuse me with them.
Those scientists only cared about war.
They took one look at you.
and they were just like the Germans.
They wanted to use you as weapons.
I am trying to do the opposite.
This...
is personal.
Yes.
You lost someone.
My son.
Have you ever lost someone. Mr. Reilly?
Someone so close to you that
it felt like a part of you was gone. too?
Yes.
Well. what if you could have done
something about it?
What if you knew that you were losing them
but that the power to change that.
to save them. lay in your hands?
Wouldn't you do it?
Wouldn't you try everything?
You can't bring your loved one back.
Mr. Reilly. but I can.
Is that so much to ask?
A second chance
for my son?
Now you understand.
There's nothing I won't do
to keep him alive.
Your friend and I have that in common.
- My friend?
- The woman
who told me how to find you.
She also has someone
that she is desperate to save.
- Cat.
- She's quite beautiful.
And determined.
I'm...
s-scared.
Is he okay?
Mr. Reilly.
- Mr. Reilly.
- It's the blood loss.
He'll have time to recuperate
while we run the tests.
Anything?
Platelet counts.
erythrocytes. hemoglobin...
His blood is utterly. completely.
maddeningly normal.
Look. we know he's different.
The answer is somewhere inside his body.
We just have to find it.
Good.
You're awake.
How are you feeling?
I-I'm sorry
about all this.
I-I-I mean it.
You-you gave me no option.
Here. drink this.
You-you-you must be thirsty.
No. it's-it's-it's water.
I-I-I promise.
Wow.
You were thirsty.
So.
you were just going to leave town.
Even after I told you
that there was a chance that...
you could save me
and the others.
Spider was never a hero.
I only did it for the thrill.
Well...
maybe you weren't then.
But there's still time
for you to become one.
I'm never getting out of here alive.
What are you talking about?
Your mother is insane.
No. No.
That's not true.
She's... just trying to save me.
No. she's insane.
I'm sorry to report
that your blood samples weren't enough.
I'm going to have to harvest
genetic material from your organs.
Stop! If you haven't found an answer.
it's because there isn't one.
I will never stop.
What kind of a mother would I be
if I didn't exhaust every option?
There's always an answer. Mr. Reilly.
What is that?
What-what-what is that?
Help me. Ogden.
Science is about uncovering
discernible facts.
Now. the program
that the Germans conducted altered
their subjects' genetic makeup.
Led to corrosion.
decay. instability.
For some reason. you were the only subject
who gained power without degradation.
Where are you taking me?
He's trying to say something.
I like...
ravioli.
You will have ravioli.
All the ravioli you want.
I believe that whatever process
that allowed the mutation
to stabilize within your body
can be retrofitted
to fully cure the other mutations.
You're going to have
a nice rest now. Mr. Reilly.
Mask. Ogden.
Just breathe.
Breathe deeply.
That's good.
Ten.
nine.
eight.
seven.
six...
Cut him open.
Let's see what he's made of.
Ruby.
Yeah. you ding-a-ling.
Were you expecting someone else?
I missed you so much.
Ruby.
Ruby. Ruby. Ruby.
Hey. Reilly.
Thought you could get rid of me?
You're nothing without me.
You son of a bitch. You set me up.
You're a coward. Reilly.
Fortune favors the bold.
I tried to warn you.
Now you're gonna burn.
My God.
It's time.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
What's wrong?
Are you sure this is gonna work?
I mean. what-what if - I am as sure
as I've ever been. All right?
Okay.
I'm ready.
It's already done.
You did it.
You really did it.
I cannot believe it.
My little Freckles.
All right.
Robertson will have published
his story by now.
so we-we need to clear this place out
and get out of here.
Wh...
We need to give Reilly the antidote first.
We can't do that. Oggie.
We kidnapped him.
We operated on him against his will.
The best thing for us.
the only hope for us
is to just become different people.
To disappear with no one left
who knows anything about us.
What are you saying?
No.
They will throw us both in prison.
I have not spent
the last 15 years of my life
trying to give you your life back
just to have you waste away in a jail cell.
I'm sorry. Ogden.
His life was always the price of yours.
I'll do it.
- Ogden.
- After everything we've both been through.
I need to look him in the eye.
soldier-to-soldier.
Okay.
I feel like a young boy
on a Christmas morning.
If this doctor can give us the name
of every superpowered man from that camp.
we'll have an army nobody can stop.
Not even the goddamn Spider.
The suffering they put you through...
they'll rue the day.
Don't.
Ogden?
You were right.
She sent me to kill you.
But you saved my life.
Least I can do is try to save yours.
Just promise me you won't hurt her.
Yeah. I'm not the one with the gun.
I'm not the one with the spider powers.
I'm just trying to get home.
Let's get you home.
These doors are getting bigger and bigger.
Wow.
Look at you.
Marvelous. Just marvelous.
You're back.
What are your plans?
Pardon me?
Well. now that you've got your life back.
what are you planning
on doing with it. Freckles?
I don't know...
I...
I've been preparing to die for so long.
I never really thought about how to live.
Are you. are you okay?
What day is it?
- Excuse me?
- The day. the day.
What's today?
Monday. M-Monday afternoon.
Poo.
Robbie's chasing his Pulitzer.
He's published the location of the lab.
They'll be here any second.
How many do you think there are?
Hard to say.
There were dozens of us at the camp.
Imagine a lot
made their way back to New York.
Anybody had any trouble over the years
would've found their way to Faber.
You okay?
What's it look like? I'm fine.
Cherry red. My favorite.
It's up and through there.
You're not coming?
I'm not leaving her.
You can't beat those guys.
You're probably right.
But she's my mom.
Up you get.
What's the matter. Doc?
You don't look that thrilled to see us.
I'm sorry. I'm-I'm just surprised.
'Cause your secret lab's
not a secret no more?
So. we're monsters.
are we?
Quite the operation you've got
going down here.
Everything but a cauldron
and two weird sisters.
That story says you did this to us.
No. absolutely not. Quite the opposite.
- Liar. liar.
- All right.
Hold your horses. Everybody.
Now we'll all have a conversation.
Nice and civilized.
- Right. Doc?
- Of course.
Very pleased
to make your acquaintance. Doctor.
- Do you know who I am?
- Yes.
Good. Now tell the boys
you're not in the business
- of making monsters.
- No.
No. All I have ever tried to do
is to help you all.
- Every one of you.
- Hey. how is old Oggie?
He finally kick
the proverbial bucket or what?
Sadly. yes.
Now. my friends here
say you've been treating
their various maladies.
I'm curious to know
if there are others like them.
Yes.
I could take you to them now.
They're here? Even better.
Lead on. my dear.
My God.
What is all this?
- They're all dead?
- I did my best.
but they succumbed to their mutations
before I'd figured out a way to save them.
And then you put them in jars
like a bunch of freaks?
No. that is - It's Johnny.
Johnny Forte.
You never cared about us.
That is not true.
You know what it's been like?
Living like this?
- Please...
- Our bodies somehow stronger
and weaker at the same time?
- The world calling us monsters.
- Please listen.
I have finally figured it out.
I promise you I can help you all.
if you will just let me.
Help us?
You mean like you helped them?
These men was our comrades.
Our brothers.
We fought with these men.
We suffered with these men.
Wait.
Wait. I know you.
We were in the cell together.
I grabbed the guard.
you put the knife in.
Nobody shoots me. you little bastard.
Dirk. stop! What are you doing?
Get off of me.
There's nothing here for us.
Let's go.
You're going to have to learn
some impulse control. son.
Hey.
- You got shit in your teeth.
- No.
- I look so dumb.
- Yeah. you look real stupid.
I was in the car
with those guys for an hour.
- Now. don't bite my finger.
- You think they saw?
Yeah. Right back here.
- Yeah.
- Did you get it?
You know. I wanted
to be a dentist when I was a kid.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. I got it.
God! The hell was that?